		Iterators
		
begin()		Returns an iterator pointing to the first element in the list
end()		Returns an iterator pointing to the theoretical element that follows the last element in the list
rbegin() 	Returns a reverse iterator pointing to the last element in the list (reverse beginning). It moves from last to first element
rend() 		Returns a reverse iterator pointing to the theoretical element preceding the first element in the list (considered as reverse end)
cbegin()	Returns a constant iterator pointing to the first element in the list.
cend()		Returns a constant iterator pointing to the theoretical element that follows the last element in the list.
crbegin()	Returns a constant reverse iterator pointing to the last element in the list (reverse beginning). It moves from last to first element
crend()		Returns a constant reverse iterator pointing to the theoretical element preceding the first element in the list (considered as reverse end)


		Capacity
		
size()		Returns the number of elements in the list.
max_size()	Returns the maximum number of elements that the list can hold.
resize(n) 	Resizes the container so that it contains ‘n’ elements.
empty() 	Returns whether the container is empty.		

		Element Access
		
front()		Returns a reference to the first element in the list
back()		Returns a reference to the last element in the list		

		Modifiers
		
assign()	It assigns new value to the list elements by replacing old ones
push_back()	It push the elements into a list from the back
push_front()	It push the elements into a list from the front
pop_back()	It is used to pop or remove elements from a list from the back.
pop_front()	It is used to pop or remove elements from a list from the front.
insert()	It inserts new elements before the element at the specified position
erase()		It is used to remove elements from a container from the specified position or range.
swap()		It is used to swap the contents of one list with another list of same type. Sizes may differ.
clear()		It is used to remove all the elements of the list container
emplace()	It extends the container by inserting new element at position
emplace_back()	It is used to insert a new element into the list container, the new element is added to the end of the list
emplace_front()	It is used to insert a new element into the list container, the new element is added from the front of the list
list merge()	Merges two sorted lists into one.
list splice()	Used to transfer elements from one list to another.
list unique()	Removes all duplicate consecutive elements from the list.
sort()		Sorts the list in increasing order.
reverse()	Reverses the list.

		Operators


